(significant, proponent, consonant, maleficent, deterrent, confident, deviant, dominant, infant.) \
on a warm summer day significant and his friend consonant were trekking along. \
significant: it sure is hot today.\
consonant : it sure is.\
significant: i wonder how long is the pilgrimage to the mountain.\
consonant: the elders say  it is the longest there is.\
significant: not to mention the dangers lurking especially at the summit.\
consonant: let us not play spoil sport and sour our mood. \
significant: understood dear friend.\
consonant: during the rains the whole time i was thinking about this journey. 
the folklore,the myth , the superstition,the legend, the stories and the tragedy.\
significant: true true.
my grandfather told me one time during his first pilgrimage his buddy was eaten alive in front off his own eyes. 
Imagine what a horror to witness at that age.\
consonant:yup can't even think a about it.
hope we don'tw witness suchha thing.
ok we need to change the topic.
here comes deterrent.
please don't spoil our mood please. \
deterrent : hi guys how's the pilgrimage going on?
looks like your all loaded with ur gear and stuff.
me too.
i been dreaming about this my whole adolescent life.\
significant: thinks too him self (not again this guy gonna tell his whole story again).\
consonant: hey deterrent how's the food.
we not to happy with it.\
deterrent: forget the food.
guess who is part of our train.
that's right is maleficent.
she is the stuff off dreams my friends.
her pace, her gait, her  antennae, her mandables ohhh ho oh ho hoo.\
significant: really how did this happen.
of all the trains she had to join yours.
by the honeycomb how did this happen?\
consonant: significant stop daydreaming.
let's get on with the trek.

Significant: Ok all that aside latest continue on or track.\
Consonant: Ok significant let's do that on we go.\
Significant: What was that I heard about you and your project at home, obsessing over cockroaches? 
They are not too tasty. 
What's up with you and them? \
Consonant: Don't you make fun of me all over again I am not obsessed with cockroaches I just have a fascination for them.\
Significant:  So tell me Consonant which is your favourite species of cockroach ? \
Consonant: To tell you the truth Significant I like the tiniest of cockroach species they are so resilient and they are easy to carry back home. 
My first training expedition was on a tiny cockroach and to tell you the truth it was tasty.\
Significant: eew I could never get myself to like cockroaches I don't know what you see and  rather taste in them.
Is it true that you are going to do your thesis on cockroaches ? \
Consonant: yes yes I plan to do my thesis on cockroaches to be specific tiny cockroaches. \
Significant: well all the best then. \
Consonant: did you hear Maleficent is doing a thesis on prime numbers and their distribution. \
Significant: are yaar Consonant stop thinking about maleficent she is way out of our league where are we and where is she, we are two guys, one who is occupied with cockroaches and one who does his thesis on manure. \
Consonant: do you remember the first day we saw maleficent in school ? \
Significant:  Consonant I clearly remember the first day we saw maleficent in school how could I ever forget? \
Consonant:  I knew she would be someone brainier than all of us and today she has proven that. \
Significant: oh yes yes. 
Also she has confident.
They are the perfect couple and we are here bachelors in search of our love all alone on this track. 
Forget it I don't want to start my sob story all over again. \
Consonant: life's hard life's unfair we got to make our peace with it. \
Significant: true true it's a bitter pill. \
Significant and consonant then continued their trek step by step, metre by metre towards the mountain.
The weather was getting rough and the forecast was for heavy wind.
Then they came across a carcass.
It was of a dead rat. 
It was very old and it was not fit to gather and take home for food purposes so consonant and significant started talking philosophy regarding the rat and deep thoughts such as these.\
Significant: Consonant what is your opinion about rats and do you like to eat them ? \
Consonant:  Significant no not really. 
I have not always been fond of rats but I manage somehow. 
I don't hate them per se but I would prefer cockroaches to tell you the truth, cockroaches are a much more tasty and healthy meal then rats. 
I can't stand the rats. 
They are too bad, very bad. \
Significant : Me too I hate rats.
I hate them from the bottom of my heart.
I get nightmares of them and they are like I don't know. 
They are mammals after all they have a lot of common traits with our nemesis the humans after all birds of a feather flock together. \
Consonant: Hey don't be too hard on humans they are also trying to do their thing like how we are.
They get around doing their stuff.
Most of them keep busy but some of them are stupid and idle and waste their time and some of them just do stupid things. \
Significant: true true I must be accommodative in my opinion about humans.
By the way how did you find so much, well not so much a little affection for humans. \
Consonant: well significant don't you realise if it was not for the humans we would not have our mountain where we get an unlimited supply of food. \
Significant: well you speak like a pragmatist I am sure we would have got food from somewhere else. \
Consonant: I know but not the variety that we get now. \
Significant: Ok ok I yield. I agree with you. \
Consonant: ok I don't want to be around this carcass anymore let us go fast and round about this carcass and onwards. \
Significant: ok ok let's go on it's time to to move.


Then significant and consonant 
hello siggy did you get hit on the head?



